Come on.
Smash it for me
Kind of kill me
Otherwise my godfather will crush you to ashes
Eternal Doom
Come and call your godfather
Let him roll over and die
Godfather, I was beaten
Smash my godfather coming soon
You wait for me.
You are dead.
Ruming, you are too impulsive.
The person who asked for it won't let you go
Don't worry about getting ahead
There's nothing to fear with me around these people
Luming, run away
Run as far as possible
Chen Shao is still running?
Wait to die, and you little bitch
If I don't get the 10 million bride price today
I'll cut off your father's medical bills
Let you see with your own eyes that your father is dead
The evil-hearted woman Lu Ming
Don't be impulsive
Chen Hao is rich
Heroes have things we can't afford to mess with
I've already lost a loved one
I can't lose my dad again
The Chen family is just a little rich
Heroes are like ants
If you are stubborn
I will definitely kill the Chen Family Hero Club
What a big breath
The old man wants to see it
Who killed my hero club?